Path determination improvements (#2)
VanuPhantom/skrive: README.md

# Skrive
Secure and sleek dosage logging for the terminal.

## Usage
`skrive [path to doses.dat]`

> Skrive looks for a doses file in this order:

Reviewer: The original text might be interpreted to imply that *Skrive* will move on to the next option if opening a file at the given path fails. This is not the case.

```suggestion
Skrive selects a path for the doses file in the following order:
```

> 1. At the path of the program argument, as shown above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The path provided as the first argument, as shown above
```

> 2. At the path given by environment variable `SKRIVE_DOSES_PATH`, if set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The path given by the environment variable `SKRIVE_DOSES_PATH`, if set
```

> 3. At `~/doses.dat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `~/doses.dat` (A file called `doses.dat` in your home directory.)
```

Author: The sentence in parenthesis is redundant to the sentence below it

Reviewer: The line does not pertain to the creation of a file.

*Skrive* should ideally support Windows. Users on that platform will most likely not be familiar with the shorthand `~/doses.dat`. Thusly, I've added a clarification.

We might need to be even more clear, though.

```suggestion
3. The path to a file called `doses.dat` in your home directory
    - `~/doses.dat` on Unix-like platforms
    - `C:\Users\<user>\doses.dat` on Windows
```
